Update the structure of Synthetic monitoring section (#1725)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/tab-widgets/uptime-monitoring/run-test-inline-content.asciidoc

// tag::heartbeat[]

Copy and paste your test steps into `heartbeat.yml`.
{heartbeat} spawns a separate Node.js process, schedules your tests, and runs them on a Chromium browser.

[source,yml]
----
- type: browser
  id: elastic-website <1>
  name: Elastic website
  schedule: "@every 1m"
  source:
    inline:
      script: |- <2>
      step("load homepage", async () => {
        await page.goto('https://www.elastic.co');
      });
      step("hover over products menu", async () => {

>         await page.hover('css=[data-nav-item=products]');

Reviewer: As a note from someone who's in a country where GDPR applies: this test may fail for folks in this region of the world because the privacy notice covers the product nav item. It may be worth doing something somewhere else in the page as an example.

Author: Does it disable all elements on the page until you accept? I'm having trouble choosing a better example without being able to see the problem. 🙂

Reviewer: It doesn't, the problem is that it covers that particular nav item at the top of the page. If you select any items _below_ the navbar it should be fine :)

      });
----
<1> Each `monitor` gets its own ID in the {uptime-app} and, therefore its own schedule entry.
This allows tests to be run in parallel and analyzed separately.
<2> In this example, a synthetic journey is defined inline. This is a two-step script that first loads
a homepage and then hovers over a product menu. See <<synthetics-syntax>> for more information.

// end::heartbeat[]

// tag::agent[]

beta[] Add an inline monitor when configuring the Elastic Synthetics integration.
In *Monitor settings*, use the *Monitor Type* _Browser_.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/synthetics-integration.png[Synthetics integration]

Then switch the *Source Type* to _Inline script_.
Add steps to the code block directly.
Variables like `page` and `params` will be part of your script's scope.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/synthetics-integration-inline-script.png[Configure a synthetic monitor using an inline script in Elastic {fleet}]

Click *Advanced Browser options* to see more ways to configure your monitor.

> * Use the *Synthetics agent options* to provide fine-tuned configuration for the synthetics agent.

Reviewer: Is it worth adding a link to the agent docs which explain each flag that can be passed to it?

Author: Do you know where that is? Can you provide a link?

Reviewer 2: I suppose @lucasfcosta is referring to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/current/synthetics-command-reference.html#elastic-synthetics-command ? 

However, I'm realizing we have some docs in the README for https://github.com/elastic/synthetics . We should probably deprecate those and integrate those here, linking to the o11y guide. Thoughts?

Reviewer: I'm ++ on integrating that here, I think that's a good idea, although I'd also keep the repo as up-to-date as possible in case people end up reaching GitHub first.

> * Use *Throttling options* to more accurately control the network speed that the monitor represents.

Reviewer: Nit (unnecessary words):
```suggestion
* Use *Throttling options* to control the monitor's network speed.
```
